## AMBA SPECIFICATION LICENCE

THIS END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT ('LICENCE') IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER A SINGLE INDIVIDUAL, OR SINGLE LEGAL ENTITY) AND ARM LIMITED ('ARM') FOR THE USE OF ARM'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY COPYRIGHT) IN THE RELEVANT AMBA SPECIFICATION ACCOMPANYING THIS LICENCE. ARM LICENSES THE RELEVANT AMBA SPECIFICATION TO YOU ON CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS LICENCE. BY CLICKING 'I AGREE' OR OTHERWISE USING OR COPYING THE RELEVANT AMBA SPECIFICATION YOU INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE.

'LICENSEE' means You and your Subsidiaries. 'Subsidiary' means, if You are a single entity, any company the majority of whose voting shares is now or hereafter owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by You. A company shall be a Subsidiary only for the period during which such control exists.

1. Subject to the provisions of Clauses 2, 3 and 4, Arm hereby grants to LICENSEE a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty free, worldwide licence to:

    - (i) use and copy the relevant AMBA Specification for the purpose of developing and having developed products that comply with the relevant AMBA Specification;
    - (ii) manufacture and have manufactured products which either: (a) have been created by or for LICENSEE under the licence granted in Clause 1(i); or (b) incorporate a product(s) which has been created by a third party(s) under a licence granted by Arm in Clause 1(i) of such third party's AMBA Specification Licence; and
    - (iii) offer to sell, sell, supply or otherwise distribute products which have either been (a) created by or for LICENSEE under the licence granted in Clause 1(i); or (b) manufactured by or for LICENSEE under the licence granted in Clause 1(ii).

2. LICENSEE hereby agrees that the licence granted in Clause 1 is subject to the following restrictions:

    - (i) where a product created under Clause 1(i) is an integrated circuit which includes a CPU then either: (a) such CPU shall only be manufactured under licence from Arm; or (b) such CPU is neither substantially compliant with nor marketed as being compliant with the Arm instruction sets licensed by Arm from time to time;
    - (ii) the licences granted in Clause 1(iii) shall not extend to any portion or function of a product that is not itself compliant with part of the relevant AMBA Specification; and
    - (iii) no right is granted to LICENSEE to sublicense the rights granted to LICENSEE under this Agreement.

3. Except as specifically licensed in accordance with Clause 1, LICENSEE acquires no right, title or interest in any Arm technology or any intellectual property embodied therein. In no event shall the licences granted in accordance with Clause 1 be construed as granting LICENSEE, expressly or by implication, estoppel or otherwise, a licence to use any Arm technology except the relevant AMBA Specification.
4. THE RELEVANT AMBA SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITH NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT ANY USE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH ARM TECHNOLOGY WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
5. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENTPETMITTEDBYLAW,THEMAXIMUMLIABILITYOFARMINAGGREGATEFORALLCLAIMSMADE AGAINST ARM, IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION (I) LICENSEE'S USE OF THE ARM TECHNOLOGY; AND (II) THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE ARM TECHNOLOGY IN ANY PRODUCT CREATED BY LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID (IF ANY) BY LICENSEE TO ARM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM OR SUIT WILL NOT ENLARGE OR EXTEND THE LIMIT. LICENSEE RELEASES ARM FROM ALL OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITY, CLAIMS OR DEMANDS IN EXCESS OF THIS LIMITATION.