All combinations of values of MPAMSP and PAS are permitted.

> **_NOTE:_** MPAMSP replaces MPAMNS from CHI Issue F onwards.

### B11.4.2 MPAM value propagation

The Receiver is permitted, but not required, to support the full range of partitions and performance monitor groups received in the request. During the system discovery and configuration process, it is expected that the capabilities of the system are discovered and the range of partitions and the performance monitor groups used match the capabilities of the system.

MPAM field values must be propagated onto an interface that supports MPAM.

It is permitted, but not required, to propagate MPAM field values onto an interface that does not support MPAM.

Table B11.5 shows the default values for MPAM fields when not supported or not propagated.

Table B11.5: Default values for MPAM subfields

| MPAMfield    | Value                                                                                 |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| PerfMonGroup | 0                                                                                     |
| PartID       | 0                                                                                     |
| MPAMSP       | Same as PAS value in the request message </br> Same as PAS value in the snoop message |

### B11.4.3 Stash transaction rules

MPAM values in Stash snoops must be the same as in the request that generated the snoops.

For responses to Stash snoops, when the response includes a DataPull request, the Home must assume the MPAM values in the DataPull request are the same as in the original Stash request.

### B11.4.4 Request to Subordinate rules

MPAM values in a request to the Subordinate, where the request is generated by a request to the Home, must be the same as the MPAM values in that request to the Home.