**SnpNotSharedDirtyFwd, SnpNotSharedDirty**

Snoop request to obtain a copy of the cache line in SharedClean state while leaving any cached copy in a Shared state. Must not leave the cache line in Unique state.

**SnpSharedFwd, SnpShared**

Snoop request to obtain a copy of the cache line in Shared state while leaving any cached copy in Shared state. Must not leave the cache line in Unique state.

**SnpUniqueFwd, SnpUnique**

Snoop request to obtain a copy of the cache line in Unique state while invalidating any cached copies. Must change the cache line to Invalid state.

**SnpPreferUniqueFwd, SnpPreferUnique**

Snoop request to obtain a copy of the cache line in Unique state while invalidating any cached copies:

- Home is expected to use SnpPreferUniqueFwd or SnpPreferUnique in response to ReadPreferUnique.
- The behavior of the Snoopee is dependent on whether an exclusive sequence is being executed.

**SnpUniqueStash**

Snoop request to invalidate the cached copy at the Snoopee and recommends that the Snoopee obtains a copy of the cache line in Unique state:

- Permits the Snoop response to include a DataPull.
- Data Pull request in the Snoop response is treated as a ReadUnique.

**SnpCleanShared**

Snoop request to remove any Dirty copy of the cache line at the Snoopee. Must not leave the cache line in a Dirty state.

**SnpCleanInvalid**

Snoop request to Invalidate the cache line at the Snoopee and obtain any Dirty copy. Could also be generated by the interconnect without a corresponding request. Must change the cache line to Invalid state.

**SnpMakeInvalid**

Snoop request to Invalidate the cache line at the Snoopee and discard any Dirty copy:

- Does not return data with the Snoop response, Dirty data is discarded.
- Must change the cache line to Invalid state.

**SnpMakeInvalidStash**

Snoop request to invalidate the copy of the cache line and recommends that the Snoopee obtains a copy of the cache line in Unique state:

- Snoopee must not return data with the Snoop response, Dirty data must be discarded.
- Permits the Snoop response to include a DataPull.
- Data Pull request in the Snoop response is treated as a ReadUnique.

**SnpQuery**

SnpQuery probes the state of a cache line at a Request Node:

- Home can send a SnpQuery snoop without any corresponding request from a Requester.
- The Snoop response must include the precise state of the cache line at the targeted Snoopee.
- Snoopee must not return data with the Snoop response.
- The SnpQuery snoop must not change the state of the cache line at the Snoopee.