    - The TxnID is a unique value generated by the Home.
    - The ReturnNID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the original request.
    - The ReturnTxnID is set to the same value as the TxnID of the original request.

3. If the request to the Subordinate requires a ReadReceipt, the Subordinate provides the read receipt. The identifier fields of the ReadReceipt response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the request.
    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the Subordinate. This also matches the TgtID received.
    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the TxnID of the request.
    - The DBID field is not valid.

4. The Subordinate provides the read data.

    The identifier fields of the Read data response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the ReturnNID of the request.
    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the Subordinate. This also matches the TgtID received.
    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the ReturnTxnID of the request.
    - The HomeNID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the request.
    - The DBID is set to the same value as the TxnID of the request.

5. The Requester receives the read data and sends a completion acknowledge, CompAck, response. The identifier fields of the CompAck are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the HomeNID of the read data.
    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the Requester. This also matches the TgtID that was received.
    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the DBID of the read data.
    - The DBID field is not valid.

The CompAck response from Requester to Home is not required for all requests.

If the original request requires a ReadReceipt, the following additional step is included:

- The Home receives the Request packet and provides the read receipt. The identifier fields of the ReadReceipt response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the request.
    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the Completer. This also matches the TgtID received.
    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the TxnID of the request.
    - The DBID field is not valid.

B2.4 Transaction identifier fields details when the TxnID value and DBID value can be reused.

#### B2.5.1.2 ID value transfer with DMT and separate Comp and Data

Figure B2.24 shows how the identifier field values are derived in DMT transaction messages that use separate Comp and Data.