3. The Home Node in the interconnect, for the StashOnceSep request, sends the StashDone response to the Request Node.

    The identifier fields of the StashDone response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the request.
    - The TxnID is not valid.
    - StashGroupID is set to the same value as the StashGroupID of the request.

    Alternatively for the StashOnceSep request, the Home Node in the interconnect sends the combined CompStashDone response instead of separate Comp and StashDone responses to the Request Node.

    The identifier fields of the CompStashDone response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the request.
    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the TxnID of the request.
    - The StashGroupID is set to the same value as the StashGroupID of the request.

4. The Home Node in the interconnect generates a snoop with Stash to the appropriate RN-F.

    The identifier fields of the request are generated as follows:

    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the Home.
    - The TxnID is a unique value generated by the Home.
    - The StashLPID is set to the same value as the StashLPID of the original request.

        > **_NOTE:_** A Snoop request does not include a TgtID field.

5. The snooped RN-F generates a Snoop response. In this example, a Data Pull indication is included.

    The identifier fields of the Snoop response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the request.
    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the RN-F.
    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the TxnID of the request.
    - The DBID field is a unique value generated by the RN-F.

6. The Home provides the read data.

    The identifier fields of the read Data response are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the SrcID of the Snoop response.
    - The SrcID is a fixed value for the Home.

        > **_NOTE:_** In this example, the read data is being provided by the Home.

    - The TxnID is set to the same value as the DBID of the Snoop response.
    - The DBID field is a unique value generated by Home.
    - The HomeNID is a fixed value for the Home.
    - The RN-F receives the read data and sends a completion acknowledge, CompAck, response.

7. The identifier fields of the CompAck are generated as follows:

    - The TgtID is set to the same value as the HomeNID of the read data.