Inapplicable and must be set to 0 in all other requests and responses.

In requests, when applicable, the same bits in the packet are used for LPID, TagGroupID, and PGroupID.

In responses, when applicable, the same bits in the packet are used for DBID, TagGroupID, and PGroupID.

### B13.10.14 Transaction Identifier, TxnID

This field provides the transaction identifier of the message. When there are multiple outstanding transactions from a given source node they will each use a unique transaction ID. See B2.4.2 Transaction Identifier, TxnID.

The TxnID in a link flit must be 0.

### B13.10.15 Return Transaction Identifier, ReturnTxnID

This field identifies the value the Subordinate must use in the TxnID field of the CompData, and DataSepResp response. ReturnTxnID can be either the TxnID generated by Home for this transaction or the TxnID in the Request packet from the Requester that originated the transaction. See B2.4.4 Return Transaction Identifier, ReturnTxnID.

Applicable only in ReadNoSnp, ReadNoSnpSep, WriteNoSnp, WriteNoSnpDef, Combined Write, and Atomic requests from Home to Subordinate.

Inapplicable and must be set to 0 for all other requests. For Stash requests, the same bits in the packet are used for StashLPID.

### B13.10.16 Forwarding Transaction Identifier, FwdTxnID

This field identifies the TxnID field of the original Request associated with the Snoop transaction. See B2.4.5 Forward Transaction Identifier, FwdTxnID.

Applicable in Forward-type snoops.

Inapplicable and must be set to 0 in all other Snoop requests. For Stash snoops, the same bits in the packet are used for StashLPID and for SnpDVMOp snoops the same bits in the packet are used for VMIDExt.

### B13.10.17 Data Buffer Identifier, DBID

The value in this field in the response packet from a Completer is used in the TxnID field for CompAck or WriteData sent from the Requester.

In Snoop responses with Data Pull, the DBID value indicates the value to be used in the TxnID field of Data Pull response messages. See B2.4.3 Data Buffer Identifier, DBID.

In responses, when applicable, the same bits in the packet are used for PGroupID, StashGroupID, and TagGroupID.

### B13.10.18 Channel opcodes, Opcode

This field specifies the operation to be carried out. The Opcode encodings are specific to each channel. See:

- B13.10.18.1 REQ channel opcodes
- B13.10.18.2 RSP channel opcodes
- B13.10.18.3 SNP channel opcodes
- B13.10.18.4 DAT channel opcodes